task_pool: fix compute_runahead calculation (#5833)
cylc/cylc-flow: tests/integration/README.md

It is necessary to shut down workflows correctly to clean up resorces and
running tasks.

## Module Scoped Fixtures

There's a reasonable overhead to some text fixtures, especially the ones which
involve writing files to disk or starting Cylc schedulers.

To make tests run faster you can use module-scoped fixtures, these are test
fixtures which are created once, then reused for all tests in the module.

You'll find a bunch of module-scoped fixtues prefixed with `mod_`, e.g.
`mod_start` is the module-scoped version of `start`. When using module-scoped
fixtures, ensure that tests do not modify the fixture object as this will enable
tests to interact.

In order to get speedup from module-scoped fixtures when running with
pytest-xdist, we configure pytest-xdist to run all of the tests in a module in

> series using the same pytest runner. This incentivises breaking up larger test
> modules.

Reviewer: Possible alternative
```suggestion
series using the same pytest runner. Consider breaking up
large test modules to allow tests to be run in parallell.
```
